[MUSIC]
When I'm writing an operating system,
I'm saying, oh here's this problem
I've gotta solve, and here's these
specifications in performance.
I'm thinking like a computer scientist.
But when I'm writing a Python program,
it's like looking through a mailing list
for certain kind of mail messages, and
then matching those mailing
message up with something else.
Or it's seeing who the most
prolific poster in your forum is.
What you are really doing is,
you are slowly but
surely putting yourself into that program.
We're in Milan, Italy with one of
the largest office hours ever.
And I'd like to do our
standard introduction so
that you can see everybody.
So give us your name and say hi,
or say something about the course.
>> [CROSSTALK] Hi, Malcolm,
I just really like the course.
I don't have anything to say.
>> Okay.
>> I am Luca, and I am here for
[INAUDIBLE] sometimes.
>> Okay.
>> Hi, I'm Evar.
I like the teacher and
I really love the course.
>> Great, thank you.
>> Hi, I'm Sebastian, and
I attended the Internet History course.
>> Great.
>> Hi, this is Anarita, learning Python
and getting excited about the course.
>> Yeah.
>> Ciao, I'm Barbara,
and I like your course.
Thank you, Dr. Chuck.
>> Thank you, Barbara.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Hi, I'm Alberto.
I just want to learn programming.
>> Okay.
>> Hi, I'm Andrea,
I took Internet History.
And when I read that Dr. Chuck was coming,
I started screaming, oh, Dr.
Chuck is coming, in the office.
>> [LAUGH]
>> No one understood, but anyway.
>> Okay.
>> Hi,
I'm David,
it's my first course on Coursera.
And I wish everybody good luck,
and stay focused on your goals.
>> And now we meet the famous
community teaching assistant Mauro.
Yay!
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Yeah!
So Mauro, say hi,
whatever you want to say.
>> Oh, and yes,
we finally succeed in bringing Dr.
Chuck here in Italy and
we have a very big, oh!
>> [LAUGH]
>> [CROSSTALK] We have a very big group
[INAUDIBLE].
>> So after that brief interruption
by the construction crew,
we'll go back to talking to Mauro,
our intrepid community teaching assistant.
>> I am out here.
Finally, we succeed in bringing Dr.
Chuck in Italy.
Very successful Office Hour here.
A lot of people are both from Programming
for Everybody and Internet History.
I am very happy,
very happy about our people.
Thank you.
>> Okay, so we missed one person.
Do you want to say hi?
>> [INAUDIBLE] Hi, my name is Zura and
I am-
>> She is my wife.
[CROSSTALK] She didn't take any courses.
>> You didn't take any courses, okay.
But you will.
>> I will, yes.
>> Of course you will.
>> [LAUGH]
>> You have to.
Okay so, let's see.
Now, let me get a nice group picture.
And let's give Mauro a nice round
of applause, thanking him for
how awesome he is for doing what he does.
>> Thank you, Mauro!
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> [MUSIC]